set tabsize 2
set tabstospaces
set const
set const
set autoindent
set nowrap

include /Users/apas/.nano/asm.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/awk.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/c.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/cmake.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/css.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/debian.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/fortran.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/gentoo.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/groff.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/html.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/java.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/makefile.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/man.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/mgp.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/mutt.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/nanorc.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/objc.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/ocaml.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/patch.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/perl.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/php.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/pov.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/python.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/ruby.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/sh.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/tcl.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/tex.nanorc

# A comment for the last two files producing error
include /Users/apas/.nano/xml.nanorc
include /Users/apas/.nano/markdown.nanorc

# Another commentcing error
include /usr/local/share/nano/xml.nanorc
include /usr/local/share/nano/markdown.nanorc

# Another comment